# MyPyStub

**This cross-platform app was generated by [Briefcase](https://briefcase.readthedocs.io/) - part of [The BeeWare Project](https://beeware.org/). If you want to see more tools like Briefcase, please consider [becoming a financial member of BeeWare](https://beeware.org/contributing/membership).**

My first application for prototyping with iDevices and Python

This application is only tested on iPhone and iPad. It uses the iOS limited subset of *Toga*. It is intended to act as a stub to enable you to install an up-to-date Python interpreter to your device for free. (Apple allows any account to become a Developer account for free that can install up to three apps that are re-deployed once every seven days.)

If you compile and deploy this app, it will create a "MyPyStub" folder in your Files app under "On My iPhone" (or "On My iPad").

You may place Python scripts in there. Either place bare scripts, or place modules in folders. Modules should have a `pyproject.toml` file to nominate any pure-Python dependencies that will attempt to be downloaded from PyPI at runtime.

Only a minimum of packages are preinstalled (if you build this yourself you can pre-install packages by adjusting the *Briefcase* configuration).

There is an interactive launcher included that presents a menu to select your scripts and modules from. Notice that your scripts do need (currently) to be tailored in order to run in this environment. Particularly I assume you have a *Toga* UI but because of the iOS one-window limitation I need your script to present a shim I call "Prototype" to switch out the Launcher for your own app's content. *This allows you to use only one of your three free app slots for multiple Python Prototypes.*

Normal command-line Python scripts are not yet supported nor are any other graphical frameworks. (I have some designs on supporting basic command lines.)

If you use the special name of `patch_app.py` for your shim you will bypass the Launcher. This is intended if you want to have either a single app and save a tap, or if you need full control of the *Toga* startup.

Note that Python code gets cached/compiled. You will need to hard kill (throw away in the pull-up-from-bottom app view) the stub app to refresh.

This is also necessary if your script doesn't implement a Back button that fires the Prototype's done callback to get back to the launcher.

This is purely experimental at this stage but you're welcome to experiment with it!
